So with any job with any profession, with any career, there are going
to be something. So one of the things up A night it is the long underway
tours. So my time I was away for 6 to 8 months. Once I was waiting
even longer. My first child, my daughter, was born two weeks before
my ship got underway for deployment. A little baby girl was born
no bigger than my forearm, but her and her mother on a plane to stay
with her mother in Pebble Beach, California and I went by deployed
for 10 months. So sea duty. It is very hard not only on yourself on
the family very hard, and that's one of things that you know. It's
a It's a negative, but you've got to figure out a way to deal with that.
And you've got to be very reticent about you know your your your
time. There. You've got to be very old bit with your spouse with your
family about what it takes to be a naval officer